(Previously)
Since you're chasing these cats
to make your mother's dream come true,
don't you want to help fulfill
another dream of hers too?
You didn't ruin her life.
But you made her…
still alive in this world.
I believe your mom is
always there with you.
Mom said whoever
collects all 9 cats together
will be friends until old age.
Who are you calling a
friend? I'm your boyfriend.
Why do you want to be my boyfriend?
When you want a cat, do you need a reason?
Here, Grandpa.
Mom wrote in here
that you let her go out to celebrate
her graduation with friends.
She also wrote about
a mission to find nine cats.
I completed that on her behalf.
I'm sorry.
This is all I could do for her.
I wish she could've been the one
to complete it herself.
No need to apologize.
I should be thanking you.
(After you were born…)
(even though I never spoke
to your mom again, )
(it didn't mean I stopped
worrying about her.)
(Until the day I saw her smile,
a smile I'd never seen on her before, )
(I knew right away
I didn't have to worry anymore.)
Take it.
Thank you so much…
for making my daughter happy.
You should keep it.
Read it when you miss your mom.
Thank you so much, Grandpa, Grandma.
Alright, we'll head back now.
Please take care of yourselves.
Goodbye.
Have a safe trip home.
Alright, you should get going.
Look, I've got something for you too.
Alright then. Goodbye, sir.
Wait.
I may be old,
but I remember
every promise made to me.
Don't you worry, sir.
I'll make sure Lynx can hear the cats
and love them.
Good.
And I have one more request.
Please take good care of Lynx for me.
Even if you didn't ask,
I'd still do it.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
I've got something for you, Jumbo.
Look, Jumbo.
But don't tell your dads,
or they'll say I'm spoiling you.
Got it?
Oh shit.
"Cat for Cash"
(Episode 7)
You go in first.
I'll bring the stuff in.
Okay.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Good, you're here.
Where's that bastard?
Who?
I asked where he is!
Who are you even talking about?!
Ouch!
Are you alright?
I don't know who they're after.
Who the hell are you bastards?
Fine, don't answer.
Go tell your boss
this place belongs to Hia Singha's son.
Unless you want trouble with my dad,
don't you dare show
your faces here again.
No!
Hey, let's go.
Are you okay?
I'm okay. You?
I'm fine.
Let's go check on our kids.
Are they okay?
Jumbo.
What a relief.
Good thing I've got quick eyes.
So those guys
were looking for you, Leo?
Sort of.
Well…
I used to serve at a bar.
One day, a customer
lavished money on me.
How was I supposed to know that
customer was some big shot's kept lover?
That's why I fled here.
What?
Who would've thought
they would follow me all the way here?
Sorry about all this, though.
Sorry?
Go say sorry to the cats.
They are Mom's cats.
Did it even cross your mind
to protect them?
What did you expect me to do?
Just stand there and let them
beat the crap out of me?
Enough!
The cats are already freaking out.
I shouldn't have let you stay.
Who are you to say that?
You think you're so damn righteous
for taking in Dad's other kid?
Let me break it to you.
You're the mistress's kid.
You get that?
You were born from a mistress!
Are you Meow?
Yes.
I'm Kao.
I'm Wichien's wife.
Even though you were born before me,
Dad was with my mom first.
You're the one who broke up my family.
What happened today…
is nothing compared to what I've
been through my whole life.
If you weren't the only family I had left,
I never would've set foot in this place.
Lynx.
I don't think…
Leo meant it like that.
Well, I was born from
Dad's mistress, right?
What right do I have to be mad?
Even so,
you're still his older brother.
Yes, I'm the older one.
I'll fulfill my duties as a brother
as best as I can.
Leo.
Leo, open the door.
Don't you want to know about Dad?
Our dad's not dead.
What crap are you talking about?
WICHIEN
There's something important
you should know.
Yes, Grandma?
This is your dad's phone number.
You mom didn't want you to look for him,
so she told you he was dead.
When she found out
about her heart condition,
she asked me to tell you.
Honestly, I didn't want you to know.
But your mom wanted you to know
you still have a father.
What you do with this…
that's up to you.
Now, you don't have just me left.
What do you want to do now?
Do you want to go live with him?
(Please check the number and try again.
(Sorry. The number you—)
Are you sure this is the number?
He probably changed it.
You don't have another one?
I'll try to track it down.
How?
The number's no longer in use.
I've got my ways.
Hello. Dong...
I got his address.
You wait here.
Let me go with you.
He hurt you and Leo once.
I know.
But Leo's my brother.
Let me handle this.
But…
Just seeing me and Leo
will shock him enough.
If I bring my boyfriend along too,
it'll be a lot to deal with.
Okay, fair enough.
I'll wait here then.
Thank you.
Please wait here for a moment.
I'll let Mr. Wichien know you're here.
Thank you.
Are you Lynx?
This is Leo, my brother.
Leo…
Kao's son?
Yes…
Dad.
How did you two find me?
It's a long story, Dad.
Just know that both our moms…
have passed away.
I'm sorry for both of you.
I've got no one left now.
Can I stay here with you?
I'm really glad to see both of my sons.
But it's not really convenient for me.
Why?
You don't believe I'm your son?
No, son. No.
That's not it.
Who are you talking to, Dad?
Nothing.
Nothing, sweetie.
Your family?
So what? I'm your son too.
My mom was with you before anyone.
Yes, son.
But the people here
don't know about any of this.
And they must never find out.
That's right.
I was with Kao before you.
In that case, you should
go back to be with her.
I'm okay with that.
Though Kao came first,
I cannot be with either of you.
What do you mean?
My family already
arranged my engagement.
In two years, once that woman graduates,
I have to marry her.
Whoa.
So both Lynx and I…
are your secret families?
I'm sorry.
I didn't have a choice.
The truth is, I never loved that woman.
The only women I ever loved
were your moms.
And you dare call that love?
Are you done, Dad?
I'm going to be late for my class.
Done, sweetie. I'm done.
Go home first.
If anything,
I'll contact you.
How'd it go?
Did you see him?
Good thing you didn't go in there.
Let's go.
Leo.
Leo!
Lynx.
Give him time.
Give yourself time too.
You both just went through
the same thing.
That's nothing to me.
How's everything?
I heard what happened here.
It's okay now, Dr. Pom.
Everyone's safe.
That's a relief.
And the cats?
Why haven't any of them eaten?
Cats scare easily.
When something frightening happens,
they hide
because they don't feel safe.
Everyone, it's safe now.
Do you want to eat?
Come eat.
Lynx!
I think…
you should leave them be.
They're still in shock.
Let them calm down first,
then comfort them.
How long will that take?
It's hard to say.
It depends on each cat
and what they went through.
But as far as I know…
something like this takes time to heal.
(Bro Jiro, will they come hit us again?)
If you want to comfort someone,
go to the next room.
I'm fine.
Well, you said it.
Try it and see.
I'm kidding.
Get some rest.
Try not to worry too much.
How can I not worry?
None of the cats, big or small,
wants to talk to me.
About the cats,
I asked Dr. Pom.
He said we could try talking to them
with a soft voice,
so they won't be too scared of us.
What should I say to them?
Anything.
Let's pretend I'm a cat.
How?
Come eat, nom nom.
Come here. Have some nom nom.
Ugh. That feels weird.
It gives me chills.
That was cute though.
Cute how? You try then.
It's gonna be okay.
It'll pass.
Don't be scared.
Don't worry too much.
I'm here always.
What?
I'm here, always.
Hey!
Go. Get out of here.
Goodnight.
I can't hear you.
Just go already.
Sweet dreams.
Go.
The early cat…
gets the coffee.
MUAH MUAH
Getting back at me?
Then give it back.
So…
have you talked to Leo yet?
Not yet.
I'll wait until things cool down
a little more.
Leo.
Where are you going?
I'm moving out.
Don't worry.
Once I get a new job,
I'll send money for the café repairs.
Where are you going to stay?
Have you found a place?
That's my problem.
Where I'm going
is none of your concern.
Leo!
What happened?
Why is the café such a mess?
Huh?
How did you get here?
I asked your grandmother.
Why are you here?
To apologize?
Or did you just remember
you're our dad?
Leo.
Lynx.
I'm sorry…
I was never there for you
as a father.
Can you give me a chance
to make it up to you?
Just tell me
how much money you need.
For the café, for school,
or for anything,
I'm happy to support you
however I can.
I just ask for one thing.
Unless it's absolutely necessary,
don't ever show up
at my place like that again.
I'm happy to support you
however I can.
I just ask for one thing.
Stay away from that house.
I'll contact you when I can.
So?
Don't hold back.
You can tell me anything you need.
It's the only thing
I can compensate you two.
- Go ahead. Tell me.
- Keep your money.
I'll take care of my brother alone.
Please leave.
If possible,
don't ever come to us again.
Keep your money.
We'll take care of our kids alone.
Don't ever show your face again.
I don't want the kids
to know they have a father
as awful as you!
I used to be sad
that I didn't have a father
like other kids.
Now I understand
why Mom chose to tell me
you were dead.
Leo. It's okay.
It's okay.
Think about your baby first.
It's okay. Think about your baby first.
♪ Used to ache with pain ♪
♪ It feels so good now
with you by my side ♪
♪ I'll hold you close, won't let go,
won't let it fade ♪
♪ This warm and steady space you made ♪
♪ 'Cause it's you, I found my home ♪
Tiger.
Help me bring the laundry in.
It's about to rain.
Did you feed the cats?
Yes.
But none of them have come to eat.
Lynx.
I'm sorry for the damage to the café.
I didn't mean for any of this to happen.
Mm. Forget it.
It's okay.
We just have to fix what's broken.
Help me fix it, okay?
Okay.
And whoever was eavesdropping…
has to help fix it too.
Alright.
I'm here to help you now.
JOHN WICK
I'm sorry.
I was going to pay off the debt
as fast as I could.
And then all this happened.
Do I look like someone
who wants money?
You are the creditor.
If not money,
then what do you want?
You…
You'll let me have this as interest, right?
Why would you want that?
Mom left that picture up for way too long.
Look, it doesn't look good.
There are these things called
photo editing apps, you know.
Learn to use one.
You used to look at my picture
all the time, didn't you?
Krapor told me everything.
Every time you came here,
you would secretly blink at my picture.
I was here to see Jiro.
You sure?
Like this?
Right?
Hey you guys…
Lynx and Leo are waiting
for you at the café.
They have something to show you too.
You once gave this dad
and Papa a chance.
Can you give Leo a chance too?
He's waiting for you over there.
I'm just like you all.
I came here because I was abandoned.
But that day, I was the one
left you behind.
You must've been really scared, right?
I'm sorry.
From now on, I promise you
I won't leave you again.
Thank you, Granny Juu.
To celebrate our restored café,
this servant will cook a special meal
for all our cat bosses.
I didn't forget you two cats either.
With extra crispy fried eggs.
Thank you, bro.
Is it good?
Wow. It's as good as Mom's cooking.
So when are you moving?
Didn't you already pack?
How about tonight?
Well, I've been thinking...
I mean moving out
of my room into Mom's.
I want my room back.
Thank you, bro.
No big deal.
It's my duty as a brother, after all.
Hey, what are you doing?
You can let me have
this fried egg too, right?
No, that's too much. Give it back.
Can't you let me have it?
Give it back.
Can't you give it to your brother?
Not this.
Come on. You're breaking it.
No, you can't have it.
Just give it to him.
I'll make you another one.
Fine.
Has the party started? We're here.
When there's food involved,
I'm here in a flash.
Excuse me. I must be going.
Krapor.
Krapor, that's the café's chair.
Sorry.
Get home safe.
Will he make it home alright?
What about you, Dr. Pom?
You sure you're good?
Need me to call you a ride?
I'm fine. It's just around the corner.
Just a short walk.
I'm sorry…
for saying I didn't like you before.
Actually…
you're a good person.
A good advisor
for both people and cats.
Me too.
I'm sorry…
for saying you didn't seem
like an animal lover.
Actually…
you really take good care of the cats
especially the café owner cat.
That one,
Je Meow once said
he was the toughest one.
I thought she was kidding at the time.
There's one more thing
I'm still worried about.
If it's about the cats here,
you don't need to worry.
They've already forgiven us.
They're back to enjoying
eating like before.
There's another cat who hasn't forgiven
himself yet about his mom.
He's still blaming himself.
Please take extra care of that one.
I'll leave him in your hands.
Don't stare at the cat pictures too long.
You'll fall for them like I did.
I'm not staring at the cat pictures.
JE MEOW
My mom was really amazing.
She raised me
and all these kids.
Every single one of them
is such a handful.
I can't imagine
if it were me,
how I would've managed.
But today…
you did exactly what she would've done.
You did really great already.
Being a big brother
is hard, isn't it?
Don't carry it alone.
You can leave it to me.
Right here.
JE MEOW
You did really great.
Hey! Who made my bro cry?
You crying, Lynx?
Tiger made you cry?
I didn't.
Kidding.
Why are you sad?
Let's drink more.
Don't be sad.
Fine, I'm not sad.
Come on.
You drank way more than
you can handle.
Next time, I'll just carry you home.
Why go home? Sleep here.
Is this the real you?
Why?
Didn't you just say
you'd carry me home?
If this is what you're like when drunk,
I'm not talking to you.
Hey.
I'm already sober.
That little amount
can't do anything to me.
Lynx.
Don't do that again.
Why?
You stole a cheek kiss
from me the other day.
That was just a cheek kiss.
Okay, fine.
You don't need to sleep here.
Just a goodnight kiss then.
You don't love me anymore?
Satisfied now?
Yes.
What about you?
Are you already satisfied?
No, Lynx.
Don't do this.
I warned you.
(Next Episode) Isn't that Lynx, the
café owner who's officially off the market?
I don't like being teased.
I get awkward and I
don't know how to react.
We don't look like a couple, do we?
Lynx.
Don't worry about other people.
Just be yourself.
If I have to wear this kind of suit,
no matter where it is,
I'd want the person next to me to be you.